Read-only seat: Semantic Layer querying (private beta) + remote MCP OAuth (#9154)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-ai/about-mcp.md

- You either don’t want to install, or are restricted from installing, additional software on your system.
- Your use case is primarily consumption-based (for example, querying metrics, exploring metadata, viewing lineage).

> Read-only seat users can access the remote MCP server to consume Semantic Layer metrics. A "login with dbt" OAuth flow for read-only users is available in private beta — see [Set up remote MCP](/docs/dbt-ai/setup-remote-mcp) for details. <Lifecycle status="private_beta" />

Author: ```suggestion
Read-only seat users can access the remote MCP server to consume <Constant name="semantic_layer"/> metrics. A "login with dbt" OAuth flow for read-only users is available in private beta. Check out [Set up remote MCP](/docs/dbt-ai/setup-remote-mcp) for details. <Lifecycle status="private_beta" />
```
